ESOF/1st-Report/1st Report.md, before:

# 1st Report

## Project Description - [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos)

Cozy Photos is an easy to use app made to backup and share your photos with friends and family. It let's you add your personal photos and organize them in folders and albums in a matter of minutes, but also share it with friends or the entire world.

As stated in the [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos) repository:
> Cozy Photos makes your photo management easy. Main features are:
> - Simple UI
> - Photo upload
> - Galleries
> - Gallery Sharing

## Development Process

### Development Process Description

As stated in the Assignment we needed to know more about the development process of the Project. 
Given that, we created a new Forum Thread were we asked the developers for informaton regarding this matter.
In a matter of a day they successfully answered.

Link to the Thread Page with the response: https://forum.cozy.io/t/development-process/3539


### Opinions, Critics and Alternatives

## Members and Contacts
- Alexandre Moreira (up201303281@fe.up.pt)
- João Lemos (ee10201@fe.up.pt)
- Nuno Neto (up201406003@fe.up.pt)
- Mariana Guimarães (up201307777@fe.up.pt)

## Credits
All the credits go to the owners and creators of [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos).

Commit message:

introduction to the development processes

ESOF/1st-Report/1st Report.md, after:

# 1st Report

## Project Description - [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos)

Cozy Photos is an easy to use app made to backup and share your photos with friends and family. It let's you add your personal photos and organize them in folders and albums in a matter of minutes, but also share it with friends or the entire world.

As stated in the [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos) repository:
> Cozy Photos makes your photo management easy. Main features are:
> - Simple UI
> - Photo upload
> - Galleries
> - Gallery Sharing

## Development Process

### Development Process Description

As stated in the Assignment we needed to know more about the development process of the Project. 
Given that, we created a new Forum Thread were we asked the developers for informaton regarding this matter.
In a matter of a day they successfully answered.

Link to the Thread Page with the response: https://forum.cozy.io/t/development-process/3539

The first fact stated was about the multiple development processes.
As the project was in development multiple differente aproaches were implemented.
It was almost impossible to stick to one simple development process to the end. So the team had to further discuss new methods of development. For example, the week were we contacted the developers the were about to implement a new run!


### Opinions, Critics and Alternatives

## Members and Contacts
- Alexandre Moreira (up201303281@fe.up.pt)
- João Lemos (ee10201@fe.up.pt)
- Nuno Neto (up201406003@fe.up.pt)
- Mariana Guimarães (up201307777@fe.up.pt)

## Credits
All the credits go to the owners and creators of [Cozy Photos](https://github.com/cozy/cozy-photos).
